Theoretical Section(12-16 marks):

Basic HTTP methods (GET vs POST)
Session (how to start a session, how to set a session variable, how to destroy a session) and 
Cookies basics(how to create, modify and destroy cookies using PHP and JS) and difference between session and cookies.


Web Services and Web APIs understanding and when to adopt which techniques during software development
Basics of MVC and differentiating different parts (Model, View and Control) and their corresponding tasks.


Microservice vs Monolithic architectures, both advantages and disadvantages.


How to interact between PHP and MySQL DBMS for different SQL commands like (insert, update, delete, select)

Indexed array vs associative array in PHP

How to declare and use PHP functions

There exists a high possibility that the question will be conceptual based. As a result, 
you don't need to memorize anything, just try to understand each and every topic so that if 
you are instructed to decide between two options you always choose the best one. 

Implementation Section(24-30 marks):

 

a) AJAX, PHP, MySQL(12-15 marks):  

Dynamically show an HTML table(during Update or, Deletion of data) without loading the page using AJAX
Dynamically change the content of a combo box based on another drop down boxes selected value
Dynamically create a search box where the search result will be generated without reloading the page
Create a sample notification system using AJAX
Create a sample messenger using AJAX
b) Session, PHP, MySQL(10-12 marks):

Build a simple sign in, sign up system where only you can access the home page in logged in situation otherwise you 
will be redirected to the sign in page directly.
Create three PHP pages and a menu bar with 3 menus. When I click on menu item 1 then go to page page1.php, 
when I click on menu item 2 then go to page2.php, when I click on menu item 3 then go to page3.php
Create a simple PHP page with two menu items. If the menu item 1 is selected then the page will show 
some content(without going to a new page) and when the menu item 2 is selected then the page will show different contents.
Implementation related to cookies is out of term final scope.